Add hole expression (#433)
aeternity/aesophia: docs/sophia_features.md

| oracle_query('a, 'b) | `oq_2oRvyowJuJnEkxy58Ckkw77XfWJrmRgmGaLzhdqb67SKEL1gPY`                                                                             |
| contract             | `ct_Ez6MyeTMm17YnTnDdHTSrzMEBKmy7Uz2sXu347bTDPgVH2ifJ`                                                                              |

## Hole expression

Hole expressions, written as `???`, are expressions that are used as a placeholder. During compilation, the compiler will generate a type error indication the type of the hole expression.

```
include "List.aes"
contract C =
    entrypoint f() =
        List.sum(List.map(???, [1,2,3]))
```

> The hole expression found on the last line of the above example will generate the error `` Found a hole of type `(int) => int` ``. Meaning that a function from `int` to `int` should be used instead of the `???` placeholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hole expression found in the example above will generate the error `` Found a hole of type `(int) => int` ``. This says that the compiler expects a function from `int` to `int` in place of the `???` placeholder.
```
